Meeting Date: 3/10/2021 <br />
Meeting Time: 4PM <br />
Meeting Location: https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/3608763195 <br />
Type of Meeting: Weekly Meeting <br />

Attendees: <br />

Agenda: Team Updates, Decisions, Closing Notes <br />

I've said this once and I'll say it again because it's true!
GREAT JOB!!!!!! WE ARE DOING AMAZING!

<br />
1. Any big team updates?



Notes: <br />
1. Bug Fixes
  * Pomodoro Sessions in Circle
  * Color schemes for buttons and top task
  * Changed "Stopped!" to "Stopped"
  * No Script Tag for JavaScript
  * Catch 404 page
  * Change step in short and and long
  * 60 minutes show up as 00:00 minutes
  * Sound Situation
  * Tab Time doesn't update always in Safari
  * Have number of sessions until be more explicit from the rest
  * Add fraction part in help guide

2. GitHub needs to be updated (Most are already done, just reorganize it)
  * Create Readme.md docs for each page
    * Design  Sally and Lori
      * Start importing everything from Figma into GitHub.
    * Development - Ronak and Emily
      * Finalize the Arch. Files.
      * Once all bug fixes are done, go through code (w/ Prettier) and delete unnecessary console.logs/better comments
    * ADRs/Testing - Parth and Kim
      * Reword the old ADRs, add more documentation for testing (Ex. How it works, what we are testing)
    * Pipeline/Project (Wiki) - Andrew and Michael
      * Make a folder that explains the code and the wiki (Readme)
      * Close Issues and link them on project board


<br />
Open Forum: <br />

To Do: <br />
 * Fix Bugs
<br />

Questions to ask Sim: <br />
  When will he look at our repo?
  Changing the Timestamp - let him know
